How to be in charge of SIGART

About:
    This document attempts to codify the information you need to know to be in charge of SIGART. Figure something out? Add it!

How to do things:
    Contacting people: 
        The ACM officer's mailing list is acm@cs.purdue.edu. This includes administrators, appointees, SIG presidents, and whoever else we think might need to know things.
        
        The SIGART mailing list is sigart@cs.purdue.edu. Ownership of this list should be transfered along with SIG presidency. The mailing list can be modified from lab machines.
            To add members: mailer add <username> to sigart
            To delete members: mailer delete <username> from sigart
            To list members: mailer list sigart
            To change ownership: mailer maintainers sigart <username> <username> ...
                Note: the maintainers command REPLACES the ownership list! Use it with caution, you can accidentally lose access.
                
    Reserving a room:
        Small classrooms (like B134):
            Go to https://roomschedule.mypurdue.purdue.edu/Timetabling/login.jsp (or just google "Purdue room reservation"), log in with your career account, go Events -> Add Event.
            Search for the room and time you want.
            Create/add the event.
            Your event will need to be approved by somebody (Pam?), but it shouldn't be an issue for the small rooms.
            
        Large lecture halls (B151, B155, 1142):
            You do not have permission to reserve these rooms yourself. Talk to the ACM VP or the event coordinator if you need them.
            
        Computer labs:
            Computer labs cannot be reserved. Sorry.
            
    Accessing resources:
        Getting CS accounts for non CS majors
            Email Daniel Trinkle at accounts@cs.purdue.edu with the name and username of the member
            Typically takes 24-72 hours
            
        Installing libraries
            Email Daniel Trinkle at software@cs.purdue.edu with an explanation of why you need the library, and what machines you want it installed on. 
            Typically takes > 1 week


ACM Leadership Structure:
    Officer's Council:
        Administrative positions:
            President
                In charge of external relations, especially corporate partners. Leads weekly officer meetings.
            Vice President
                In charge of internal relations, with SIGs and to some extent the CS department. Ensures smooth running of day-to-day operations
            Secretary
                Takes notes at meetings, maintains google calendar and facebook page
            Tresurer
                Handles money

        SIG presidents

    Appointed positions (non-voting):
        Webmaster
        Server admin
        Event coordinator
        
    Faculty Advisor: Tim Korb
        If you're getting shit from people, especially the department, go to him and he might be able to help you out.

    All "major" ACM decisions, including appointments, must be made by majority vote of the officer's council. All constitution revisions must me approved by a 2/3 majority.
    
    No member can hold two voting positions - that is, you can't be both, say, president of SIGART and treasurer of ACM.

Transfer of power checklist:
    Election
    Introduce new president to Officer's Council
    Transfer mailing list ownership
    Put their name on the blame list (below)
    
Blame list:
    Chris Nuland (Fall 2010)
    Dan Roberts (Spring 2011 to Spring 2013)
    Chris Wendt (Fall 2013 to Spring 2013)
